# WeatherML
IoT devices collect data about the real world to help us make better decisions with that data. Raw data isn’t particularly helpful, so we analyse data to try it into more meaningful information. Sometimes we want to use this data not just to tell us about the past, but also to make inferences about the future.
In this Project, we are going to use machine learning trained on historic weather data to make an inference about the future. You have been provided with a data set consisting of weather data for 5 sites. The data covers temperature, humidity and wind observations that were recorded every half hour for almost 6 years per site.
This data will be used to create a simple IoT enabled ‘light’ device that uses machine learning to predict what the days weather conditions should be and compare it against the current reading. This will consist of a simulated IoT hardware device (using the SenseHat emulator) and a server that runs the machine learning algorithms and offers more detailed information for the selected day.
Please note:
•	The size of these data sets is quite large. The weather data is provided in xlsx format and will need to be cleaned up and converted to a suitable format before you can use it in your program – you should discard any data that you don’t need to reduce the amount of time it will take to train your models.
•	The data set includes data from 2015 – 2021 inclusive, but 2021 does not contain the full year. Your predictions should be for the year 2022.
•	While this project shares some similarities with the first assignment, this is a separate device and does not need to implement any of the functionality from that device.
